Ok just kidding you
I am so artistic
Nature doesn't die.
The prince and princess are here
Cui'er, don't worry.
Brother Gu will definitely give you an explanation.
He won't.
Brother Gu will make him understand
He will definitely not let Yuan Qingming go. What do you know?
Don't be afraid, I'm here.
Xu Wenqing keeps it simple
Yes, I'm dead set and say I'm mean again
No matter how vicious
He won't dislike me
Maybe I should let go
After all, the past has gone
Xu Wenqing has the most advantage
I just want to help him get into the hands of the prince
He can be with what I want
Yuan Qingning is really too ruthless
The king thought he had reformed
Forget it, I'm fine
Don't pursue it anymore
Cui'er, you are a kind and soft-hearted person.
Let him go easily this time
Who knows if there will be a next time?
It's all a family hurt and discordant
And he was also impulsive
possible
He grew up seeing me and Brother Hao's childhood sweetheart
I thought Brother Hao was in love with me
To be so irrational
presumptuous
It's absurd. It's absurd.
Although you and I grew up together
But you are now married to each other
He's still clinging to these old things
He wants to do things.
Although I can't see you suffer so much
I am now attacking and reporting to the father
Let him punish the guilty father